# Snowflake

This guide contains information to set up a Snowflake Sink in Vanus Cloud.

## Introduction

Snowflake is a cloud-based data warehousing platform that enables businesses to store, analyze, and share large amounts of structured and semi-structured data. With the Streams menu and Snowflake Sink connector in Vanus Cloud, you can easily forward real-time updates to a designated table in your Snowflake account, allowing you to track events generated by your application.

## Prerequisites

Before forwarding events to Snowflake, you must have:

- A [Snowflake](https://www.snowflake.com/) account with administrative privileges
- A [Vanus Cloud](https://cloud.vanus.ai) account
- A Snowflake table to which you want to send the events

You will also need the following information from your Snowflake account:

- Account URL
- Role
- Warehouse
- Database
- Schema
- Username
- Password

## Getting Started

To set up a Snowflake Sink in Vanus Cloud:

1. In Vanus Cloud, select "Snowflake" as your Sink Connector.
2. Enter the required Snowflake account details: Account URL, Role, Warehouse, Database, Schema, Username, and Password.
    - **Account URL**: This is the URL for your Snowflake account. You can find this in your Snowflake account homepage.
    - **Role**: This is the name of the role that has the necessary privileges to perform operations on the Snowflake table. You can find this in the Snowflake web UI or by querying the Snowflake database.
    - **Warehouse**: This is the name of the warehouse that will execute queries for the Snowflake table. You can find this in the Snowflake web UI or by querying the Snowflake database.
    - **Database**: This is the name of the database that contains the Snowflake table. You can find this in the Snowflake web UI or by querying the Snowflake database.
    - **Schema**: This is the name of the schema that contains the Snowflake table. You can find this in the Snowflake web UI or by querying the Snowflake database.
    - **Username**: This is the username for your Snowflake account.
    - **Password**: This is the password for your Snowflake account.
3. Enter the name of the table where you want to store the data.
4. Click "Next" to continue.

## Required Data Format

The event data must be in JSON format with the following keys:

```json
{
    "column1": "value1",
    "column2": "value2",
    "column3": "value3",
    "etc...": "etc..."
}